Your Majesty, I believe
it is too hasty to imprison Prince Duan just because of a lamp at the birthday banquet.
It might undermine the royal dignity.
Your Majesty, I suggest reconsideration.
After all, Prince Duan is of royal blood.
Even if he has made a mistake,
he should be treated fairly.
He deserves to be judged according to the law and given a chance to correct his errors.
You should understand the severity of Prince Duan's crime.
What kind of heinous crime he has committed.
This is a serious offense.
By Your Majesty's command,
I investigated Prince Duan’s treason.
The dragon robe and the tiger talisman
were found in Prince Duan’s residence.
Do any of you ministers have anything else to say?
Since ancient times,
the crime of treason has been punishable by death.
I now order that Prince Duan be executed at Linchi.
Do any of you have objections?
Your Majesty is wise.
Long live the Emperor, long live the Emperor, long, long live the Emperor!
Hospital, hospital.
Consort, you finally woke up.
I heard,
last night the consort made a big fuss.
She kept insisting on seeing the Emperor.
In this life and the previous one,
I should understand her now, hmm.
I’ll change clothes and go meet her.